
METHOD              DEFINITION                                                  OUT
concat()            Appends a string to the end of another string               String
length()            Returns the length of a specified string                    int
indexOf()           Returns the position of the first found occurrence of
                    specified characters in a string                            int
lastIndexOf()       Returns the position of the last found occurrence of
                    specified characters in a string                            int
charAt()            Returns the character at the specified index (position)     char
substring()         Extracts the characters from a string, beginning
                    at a specified start position, and through the specified
                    number of character                                         String
isEmpty()           Checks whether a string is empty or not                     boolean
contains()          Checks whether a string contains a sequence of characters   boolean
equals()            Compares two strings. Returns true if the strings are
                    equal, and false if not                                     boolean
equalsIgnoreCase()  Compares two strings, ignoring case considerations          boolean
startsWith()        Checks whether a string starts with specified characters    boolean
endsWith()          Checks whether a string ends with the specified
                    character(s)                                                boolean
toLowerCase()       Converts a string to lower case letters                     String
toString()          Returns the value of a String object                        String
toUpperCase()       Converts a string to upper case letters                     String
trim()              Removes whitespace from both ends of a string               String
replace()           Searches a string for a specified value, and returns
                    a new string where the specified values are replaced        String
replaceFirst()      Replaces the first occurrence of a substring that matches
                    the given regular expression with the given replacement     String
replaceAll()        Replaces each substring of this string that matches the
                    given regular expression with the given replacement         String
split()             Splits a string into an array of substrings                 String[]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

int num1 = Integer.parseInt(str1);      This script convert string type number into integer type
                                        if there is a character in str1 gives error
boolean bln1 = Boolean.valueOf(str4);   ...Boolean.parseBoolean(str4); ile ayni



